Flectation means I am conscious.
Still protected.
Eight years in the prime of this man who's a girl with golden hair.
I never thought that she loved me.
Never thought that she even cared.
And I was cold but sadly under a crown of golden hair.
I never thought that she loved me.
Never saw such an even trail.
Down a hill drew sadly under.
A crown of golden hair.
As she leans from a carriage window.
A beautiful haunting face.
A cold and hell.
All dressed in silk and lay.
Why he goes where the people all wasted or ran cold.
A heart to soon grow weary.
A man to soon grow old.
I never thought.
That you love me.
I thought she gave him a hand.
And gals bring your robes all around town.
She left him alone on the sand.